# read16

Describe the Web-Request-Response-Cycle

The request/response cycle traces how a user's request flows through the app. Understanding the request/response cycle is helpful to figure out which files to edit when developing an app (and where to look when things aren't working).

Explain what a “server” is, as it relates to the WRRC

What is a client?
A client is a piece of computer hardware or software that accesses a service made available by a server. Generally, clients are web browsers (like Chrome or Firefox), but clients can also be API’s making requests to another server or the command line (when making cURL requests).
What is an HTTP request?
A HTTP request is a text string generated by the client and sent to the server containing the specifications of the resource the client is asking for. A resource is anything that can accessed via the web. The HTTP request communicates which resource a client wants to interact with and how the client wants to interact with it, along with some metadata held in the header related to the request.

What does it mean to “deploy” an application?
Software deployment refers to the process of running an application on a server or device. ... Software deployment refers to the process of making the application work on a target device, whether it be a test server, production environment or a user's computer or mobile device.

A server is a computer or system that provides resources, data, services, or programs to other computers, known as clients, over a network. In theory, whenever computers share resources with client machines they are considered servers. ... This means that a device could be both a server and a client at the same time.

What is Pub/Sub?

Pub/Sub allows services to communicate asynchronously, with latencies on the order of 100 milliseconds.

Pub/Sub is used for streaming analytics and data integration pipelines to ingest and distribute data. It is equally effective as messaging-oriented middleware for service integration or as a queue to parallelize tasks.

Pub/Sub enables you to create systems of event producers and consumers, called publishers and subscribers. Publishers communicate with subscribers asynchronously by broadcasting events, rather than by synchronous remote procedure calls (RPCs).

Publishers send events to the Pub/Sub service, without regard to how or when these events will be processed. Pub/Sub then delivers events to all services that need to react to them. Compared to systems communicating through RPCs, where publishers must wait for subscribers to receive the data, such asynchronous integration increases the flexibility and robustness of the system overall.

Web-Request-Response-Cycle
The request/response cycle traces how a user's request flows through the app. Understanding the request/response cycle is helpful to figure out which files to edit when developing an app (and where to look when things aren't working).
